Add a section to use local dependencies (#7292)
jupyter/notebook: CONTRIBUTING.md

jupyter notebook
```

### Local changes in Notebook dependencies

> The development installation described above fetches javascript dependencies from [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development installation described above fetches JavaScript dependencies from [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com/),
```

according to the versions in the _package.json_ file.

> However, some changes in Notebook depend on changes in dependencies (e.g. `@jupyterlab` packages) that have not yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is sometimes useful to be able to test changes in Notebook, with dependencies (e.g. `@jupyterlab` packages) that have not yet
```

been published.

> [yalc](https://github.com/wclr/yalc) can be a solution for easily fetching local javascript packages in your build of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[yalc](https://github.com/wclr/yalc) can help use local JavaScript packages in your build of
```

Notebook, acting as a local package repository.

- Install yalc globally in you environment:
  `npm install -g yalc`
- Publish you dependency package:\
  `yalc publish`, from the package root directory.\
  For instance, if you have are developing on _@jupyterlab/ui-components_, this command must be executed from
  _path_to_jupyterlab/packages/ui-components_.
- Depend on this local repository in Notebook:
  - from the Notebook root directory:\
    `yalc add your_package` : this will create a _dependencies_ entry in the main _package.json_ file.\
    With the previous example, it would be `yalc add @jupyterlab/ui-components`.
  - Notebook is a monerepo, so we want this dependency to be 'linked' as a resolution (for all sub-packages) instead
    of a dependency.\

>     The easiest way is probably to manually move the new entry in _package.json_ from _dependencies_ to _resolutions_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The easiest way is to manually move the new entry in _package.json_ from _dependencies_ to _resolutions_.
```

  - Build Notebook with the local dependency:\
    `jlpm install && jlpm build`

> Changes in dependency must then be built and pushed using `jlpm build && yalc push` (from the package root directory),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes in the dependency must then be built and pushed using `jlpm build && yalc push` (from the package root directory),
```
